Xiaonuan
Are you kidding me?
I thought about it.
I don't like you at all.
Xiaolan
Do you dislike that I don't have a job now?
I just hate that you don't have a job.
So let's break up
I don't believe you are that kind of person
Did something happen to you?
You say it
Tell me something.
That's who I am.
I am a person who hates poverty and loves wealth
I dislike you for not having tools.
Xunchen
Don't see you again
No, no, no.
come up
You're definitely not that kind of person
Did you encounter any unpredictability?
You say it, you say it.
Can I face it with you?
Forget it, say it
Xu Yunchan
What kind of person am I?
I wanted to make it clear to you
I'm honest.
Since you said so, then
Hello, I've broken up.
Now I'm at the morning delivery restaurant
Come and pick me up
brother